Mistaken temporary exemption problem then
While driving a car, when there is an obstacle ahead of the path, he pauses and slowly progresses from the opposite direction
The answer for passing cars ahead is circle
Is the car of the person who has obstacle also pause?
Automatic car change lever Noel is steep, passing slowly to the car from the opposite direction
A good answer is circle when used when traveling uphill or steep downhill
Increase the reaction force on a steep uphill
Falling leaves of engine brake on downhill
If the Cormorant labeling but overtaking was prohibited by such as running slow track of forward speed
It may be out forward past the next to change the course
The answer is that in a punishment overpass area, if you overtake even if the previous car is running at a slow speed
We have no choice but to go out from a narrow road or from a narrow road where there are no good prospects for the construction method.
In the back
When calling
If you ask the passenger to help check back, the good answer is circle
When backing up, it is good to have the passenger help the safety check behind
When there are three or more vehicle zones in the same direction, the right-most vehicle zone is for passing
It came set aside to
Round left most right
Do you have people crossing when you approach a pedestrian crossing that passes other vehicle zones depending on speed ?
It was not clear so I passed at the same speed
The answer is that when the existence of a punitive pedestrian is not clear
Progress at such a speed that you can stop in front of it
Tsuruma is
You can not pass through the track but turn right and left
Can traverse the inside of the track for deployment etc.
The answer is a round principle can not but turn right turn left across traffic
At the time of opinion etc
If the width of the left side of the road that can cross the trackbed is 6m or more, go through the right side
The answer that can be overtaken is a punishment
If the width of the left portion is equal to or more than 6m is
When the car stops moving inside the level crossing that can be pushed out to the right and can not pass, a smoke tube etc.
Using
The answer is to circle as soon as you can see the train
Use an emergency button or smoke tube to signal the train as soon as possible, and cross the car outside
Crosswalk bicycles crossing zone when the front of the traffic that moves is congested in
If you want to stop at the level crossing, you have to stop before that
Entry is prohibited if there is a risk of getting stuck in it due to congestion
If it is ok
Channel registration
Wood Click